[Music]
very good what's up my kids pay attention
because it's
incredible what you just sent me they have
given every detail of this
video can you email me thank you very much you
know who you are those who have
sent me remember or not you can send me
all kinds of things if you want me to
comment on them via email through my
twitter account through meditate am it
is complicated Colombia via the internet and
via twitter okay but via email yes I
see it but the bases that if I tell you to
send us because you have my email
many times nonsense that I don't care about like
man javi I greet you javi I don't know
what plan it's not a work email okay
in which I can comment on things well
once again the people who appear in this
video demonstrate their class and their
education and the way they relate to
others on social networks
no you know that the other day we
were making a video of how
Felipe is Felipe 3s
this person who basically without
insulting him without insulting him at all in
this video I was commenting
from my news channel which is about
salt or a controversial channel no, because you already
know that disrespect is not allowed here, not even
between you, you are banned
immediately and you go immediately
to anyone who disrespects
any of the people that
the protagonists of the video of the
youtubers of the stream is what we
are talking about okay, he was not insulted
at any time in the video or
treated badly, that is, he was not treated with any
disrespect on the contrary what was
done to him was to throw in his face how he goes around
disrespecting people and
behaving like a stalker, that is, show
twitters of showing your interest of his
where he wanted someone to be killed he
wanted to approve the preventive murder he
wished they would kill the entire family of
another youtuber, no, it is a
behavior that is at least
reprehensible but well that's how they are
they go around pointing at others while
they go around spitting their venom I
imagine that they will be people who have
some kind of frustration in life and that is
why they go around behaving like this with the
rest of human beings no but well that's how it is
yad is I call him ally and
also lying because they were talking about this
boy this
boy what's his name mining
measure that also my countryman from here I
send you a kiss look and well they are
arguing with look and he told him that I'm
old I had called him the day of what a
big offense no well then this
video this video that I uploaded two days ago
he has commented on it now on twitter okay
and you direct xavi they call you a piece of
[ __ ] and you take it as if alluded to name that
in the screenshots that he puts you
see here a member of my channel you can't
see the logo of the members of my
channel who by the way hasn't
answered my tweets yet it looks bad it looks bad it
looks bad family but well if not
nothing happens we stay here the
only thing that happens is that I won't be able to
participate in the tournaments whatever they are that
are dry tweets bad but well we'll
see for now the squid game is announced
for next year so
well let's see we have a year to
recover the account I imagine that they
will trip me up they will try you know
that we always have a lot of problems without
outputs by people who are burning and who
don't want this channel to exist and it's
done mostly with the successes but
look where we're getting to the
same thing is happening to us with the Twitter accounts
that wanted me by force the author
wanted me not to have a
Twitter account that I couldn't have diffusion I don't
know if the account is already verified and
raging not making people angry
well a piece of [ __ ] that doesn't even
deserve a mention has released another video
about me and I found out a week
later because the blocks work okay
I come in a few weeks later to watch the
video it was uploaded two days ago I understand
that maybe I
understand that maybe from having to
learn from the little words realities
that you use that he has to learn
how to be a good feminist despite the fact that
how good I understand that this
person well no no doesn't go further no like I
understand that math
is not his thing no and how he's worried
about throwing poison toxicity insulting
wishing Sandra's death not to others
the first one who have underage siblings
not underage families no and he
wishes  death simply for joining
the mob is okay because because the guy
sincerely saw that his talent is not
where he is well it's not that he's very
leo there's no need to be very leo but well
of the little he has what he has
survived has been by following mobs and
behaving like a stalker and
getting close to each other we hit each other you
can already check the video okay it's a
video totally without disrespect and you can
see how he behaves how he
behaves no but that's how they are in
towns they are like that look two
days ago he uploaded the video two days ago and
the guy says he
realized it a week
later
and in that way you know how to tell the truth no but
well he says let's appreciate those people who
have such a level of not being well that they
sell out reality to adjust it to what
they want no and for a screenshot and
for a screenshot well of course he is so
burned by your graph what burns him that he
has started reading the comments and
the responses to the comments up to
here given with a comment that fits
with something that is not true and it is  the fact
that she doesn't get along with harm and all
that gang no if you get along with Dario you
get along with harm who is a person
who was accused of something quite
reprehensible okay but since he is an ally like
you then nothing happens to us Felipe
but well if you feel proud if
you get along with Dario this friends
Selling has shared this video not only
this tweet not only has he shared
this tweet but I said the other day he
was retweeting and
sharing tweets from a fonera of
cotidiano or rather in case someone doesn't know
what the forum is throwing at this
point that I imagine that if it is a forum
of harassers of people who
hide behind anonymity some of
them relatives of youtubers well
youtube is not very well known no I had the one
that in its time was very well known for being
the girlfriend of and such but well they
were relatives of youtube some of them not
that they release their frustrations there in that
forum not enjoying sending harass us and they
were being shared had those
who were happy that they make me
tweets
what a bad person  why are you happy
that someone loses their job
because bad bug bad bug never dies he'll
come whoever throws me it's not funny
in one place I appear in another there is no
good in the end you see always give
or take Felipe you don't answer nobody escapes
this [ __ ] but what the [ __ ] Felipe what is it about
the controversy that
you had with another on Twitter being commented on
voluntarily and publicly and it is
shown in tweets where you behaved
like a stalker
making these stalkers had a hole
I was nobody I hope they kill you
I want your whole family to be
in that video Felipe the one who looks bad
bravo there is no disrespect what he
should do apologize but he doesn't
because you are the kind of person you
are but nobody is capable of that [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
Felipe what the [ __ ] what you must have had to put
up with you have the
aunt literally what you must have had to put
up with literally came
out in two of our videos and it was a
fight in a video game in the Golan that he
had with the yak and
totally absolutely  you can see
both videos the two excerpts of cancer
we do not lack respect for the girl not a
chance okay yes we criticize her because she
put an extra and to the south and that is
complete censorship okay also when the
south and ventures a little piece of bread and did
absolutely nothing then look how it gets
stung and what a bad person to be happy that they
go on someone's channel
and that tries to close channels by putting
extra because it is comment a click from
her it is incredible I really am
the level of people on the internet is
hallucinating I do not give a damn but any
other reaction is equally valid nobody should
go through this but because
what has happened Felipe I mean that
some of your tweets are commented on where they are
insulting people and where you are
behaving like a stalker
is going through something bad nobody should have to
go through this as if they were a
victim of the colleague joy who has shown off in
this type of objects and no but he says no
I do not give a damn well to help you in the
afternoon I the comments and the
responses to the comments here
was something that fits you okay
also one  capture that is being sued what
here is your photo and that you are eating
the video had from your account in your
house alone surely it is paid up to
the neck crying and looking to see the
comments that they say about me that they say about
me and well to finish not with this
extract we add that look that
evidently well this fact
has been sent to me why have they
commented on this tweet calling me a
piece of [ __ ] for sharing it win
michu okay that would not be a problem he will have I do
n't know if it is that he has not
promised me with someone in his family or
something I don't know I don't know what is wrong with him and
the good friend not that the ex of Dallas
yes the ex of Dallas has also shared
the tweet and has answered it holy
patience but patience what I
commented the fight that he has had and
that shows the tweets that he himself has
posted is that I do not understand I do not understand
what the problem is is that I do not know you want to
be people in public then your eyes
because you charge 11,211 dollars in tweets
then what are we left with do you want it to be
talked about  apart from that, these people look at what they've been
doing because then here the
table there's also a friend of theirs not
from the group no
28 twin you send super detailed and I
really appreciate it the person who
sent it to me is also a
good ball of ball but ball and yes
more the ball wing michu and
dallas wings not to put it in the tournament
so that they pay attention to it you don't have more
than 8 line but the point is that
this is like I taught the other day I can't they
were canceling Beijing this
obviously a group that has in their
group of joke because when when it
does well no the rope is made half a
decade
I was in groups with them and what they
did was pass tweets to everyone give
the statuette and share this tweet it's
as if as if you want that it's going to
destroy someone like that it
crosses their mind but I
think they should already turn the page but
well this is what I believe of
course not what they are going to be never in
life the years the decades will pass you know they will
continue in this world and that's why things are going
as we are  to some of these
verified accounts and all of them have
three lines three tweets three tweets is
officially worth 33 on their verified accounts I do
n't know if they will continue doing live shows but
in recent times these
people had like 50 100
viewers 200 you know and it's normal in the
end if you have this behavior they don't
change you don't turn the page and if you leave on a
topic well in the end people get tired and
not only do they have a ceiling but they
sink everything they touch and that's what
basically happens to them but well what do you
think about today's salsa singer it seems to us that today's
news of course as always
we disrespect none of the
protagonists no although well although
Felipe himself doesn't know how to count is worth more
than that with time he continued going on with hay
maybe he gets offended because the idea that he doesn't
know how to count is that in reality what you don't
know what you have the week has seven
days no maybe that's what you don't know I do
n't know family what do you think of this jump
of course you know how to debate with
respect I send you a huge hug and I'll
see you in the next video
[Music]